intellij/src/util/resources/readme-template.md, before:

Angular material v2, Teradata covalent v1, Angular flex layout v1 & Material icon snippets for IntelliJ
===========================

A set of Angular material v2, Teradata covalent v1, Angular flex layout v1 & Material icon snippets for the following JetBrains products:

- IntelliJ IDEA
- WebStorm and PhpStorm
- PyCharm
- RubyMine

![Plugin in action](help.gif)

The detailed list of supported template triggers are listed [below](#documentation)

Feel free to let me know what else you want added via the [issues](https://github.com/1tontech/material2-snippets/issues)

Suggestions, feedback and other comments welcome via [@1tontech](https://twitter.com/1tontech) on Twitter.

## Usage

Create a new HTML document and

1. Type `md-` followed by pressing `Ctrl+Space` to see all available angular material design snippets.
2. Type `td-` followed by pressing `Ctrl+Space` to see all available teradata covalent snippets.
3. Type `@fx` followed by pressing `Ctrl+Space` to see all available angular flex layout snippets.

Alternatively you can type `autocomplete` followed by `Ctrl+J` to see the snippet matches

Here are the conventions that will make it easy to lookup templates

1. If a tag supports multiple children, the template trigger version with `*` implies the template uses dynamic number of children `*ngFor` variation. The `*` comes from `*ngFor`
2. If a template trigger has `:**` variation, this means this variation contains the maximum number of options for that component. `**` comes from [ant](https://ant.apache.org/manual/dirtasks.html) which matches all the files under folder & sub folders
3. If a template trigger has `:?` variation, the template contains additional help that helps you completely utilize the existing templates
4. If a template trigger has `_`(underscore) variation, this is a snippet(partial) that can be added to the component. This exists mainly to avoid creating variations of all permutations for the base component
5. If a template trigger has `@` variation, this snippet targets the attribute of an html element in your markup. Think of `@` as `html attribute`
6. If a template trigger has `+` variation, this snippet allows you to specify responsive variation
7. If a template trigger has `$` variation, this snippet contains the observable variation

## Mind map
1. `*` => `*ngFor` variation
2. `@` => Targets html attribute
3. `_` => Html snippet
4. `+` => Responsive variations
5. `$` => Observable variation
6. `:**` => maximum variations
7. `:?` => Help

## Installation (in 3 easy steps)

To install the plugin open your editor (IntelliJ) and hit:

1. `File > Settings > Plugins` and click on the `Browse repositories` button.
2. Look for `Angular material` the right click and select `Download plugin`.
3. Finally hit the `Apply` button, agree to restart your IDE and you're all done!

## Contribution guidelines

1. Clone this repo
2. To modify material templates, you can find the templates for each snippet under `snippets/material`. These html templates must follow [sublime text snippet](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html) format.
3. To modify covalent templates, you can find the templates for each snippet under `snippets/covalent`. These html templates must follow [sublime text snippet](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html) format.
3. To modify flex layout templates, you can find the templates for each snippet under `snippets/flex-layout`. These html templates must follow [sublime text snippet](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html) format.
4. To modify material icon templates, you can update `codepoints` under `snippets/material`. Latest version of code points can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/google/material-design-icons/master/iconfont/codepoints)
5. If you need to change `README.md` (or) `plugin.xml`, you should modify their templates (which are used to generate the actual files) under `src/util/resources`. For eg., If you want `plugin.xml` within plugin to be modified, you should change `plugin-template.xml` under `src/util/resources`. A new `plugin.xml` & `README.md` are regenerated for every build from their corresponding templates.
7. Send me a pull request

## Changelog

See [here](CHANGELOG.md)

## Documentation

Here are available live templates

### Angular material snippets
@@@GENERATED_MATERIAL_SNIPPETS@@@

### Angular flex layout snippets
@@@GENERATED_FLEX_SNIPPETS@@@

### Teradata covalent snippets
@@@GENERATED_COVALENT_SNIPPETS@@@

## License

Angular material v2, Teradata covalent v1, Angular flex layout v1 & Material icon - IntelliJ Plugin is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Disclaimer:

Readme template for this plugin was initially borrowed from [here](https://github.com/bodiam/intellij-bootstrap3) & [here](https://github.com/JasonMortonNZ/bs3-sublime-plugin)

Commit message:

Added support for reactive form control variation for each input Added support for datepicker in material2 Added `optgroup` support for select component. This allows you to group options within select Removed `fxLayoutWrap` as this is deprecated in favor of `fxLayout`

intellij/src/util/resources/readme-template.md, after:

IntelliJ plugin/extension containing snippets/templates for Angular Material 2, Teradata Covalent 1, Angular Flex layout 1 & Material icons
===========================================================================================================================================

This plugin is compatible with the following JetBrains products:

- IntelliJ IDEA
- WebStorm and PhpStorm
- PyCharm
- RubyMine

![Plugin in action](help.gif)

The detailed list of supported template triggers are listed [below](#documentation)

Feel free to let me know what else you want added via the [issues](https://github.com/1tontech/material2-snippets/issues)

Suggestions, feedback and other comments welcome via [@1tontech](https://twitter.com/1tontech) on Twitter.

## Usage

Create a new HTML document and

1. Type `md-` followed by pressing `Ctrl+Space` to see all available angular material design snippets.
2. Type `td-` followed by pressing `Ctrl+Space` to see all available teradata covalent snippets.
3. Type `@fx` followed by pressing `Ctrl+Space` to see all available angular flex layout snippets.

Alternatively you can type `autocomplete` followed by `Ctrl+J` to see the snippet matches

Here are the conventions that will make it easy to lookup templates

1. If a tag supports multiple children, the template trigger version with `*` implies the template uses dynamic number of children `*ngFor` variation. The `*` comes from `*ngFor`
2. If a template trigger has `$` variation, this snippet gives you the reactive variation of an input component (or) observable variation if not an input. `$` comes from the fact each reactive component acts as observable source & observable variable names usually end with a `$`)
3. If a template trigger has `@` variation, this snippet targets the attribute of an html element in your markup. Think of `@` as `html attribute`
4. If a template trigger has `:**` variation, this means this variation contains the maximum number of options for that component. `**` comes from [ant](https://ant.apache.org/manual/dirtasks.html) which matches all the files under folder & sub folders
5. If a template trigger has `_`(underscore) variation, this is a snippet(partial) that can be added to the component. This exists mainly to avoid creating variations of all permutations for the base component
6. If a template trigger has `+` variation, this snippet allows you to specify responsive variation
7. If a template trigger has `:?` variation, the template contains additional help that helps you completely utilize the existing templates

## Mind map
1. `*` => `*ngFor` variation
2. `$` => Reactive version of input (or) Observable variation if component is not an input
3. `@` => Targets html attribute
4. `:**` => maximum variations
5. `_` => Html snippet
6. `+` => Responsive variations
7. `:?` => Help

## Installation (in 3 easy steps)

To install the plugin open your editor (IntelliJ) and hit:

1. `File > Settings > Plugins` and click on the `Browse repositories` button.
2. Look for `Angular material` the right click and select `Download plugin`.
3. Finally hit the `Apply` button, agree to restart your IDE and you're all done!

## Contribution guidelines

1. Clone this repo
2. To modify material templates, you can find the templates for each snippet under `snippets/material`. These html templates must follow [sublime text snippet](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html) format.
3. To modify covalent templates, you can find the templates for each snippet under `snippets/covalent`. These html templates must follow [sublime text snippet](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html) format.
3. To modify flex layout templates, you can find the templates for each snippet under `snippets/flex-layout`. These html templates must follow [sublime text snippet](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html) format.
4. To modify material icon templates, you can update `codepoints` under `snippets/material`. Latest version of code points can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/google/material-design-icons/master/iconfont/codepoints)
5. If you need to change `README.md` (or) `plugin.xml`, you should modify their templates (which are used to generate the actual files) under `src/util/resources`. For eg., If you want `plugin.xml` within plugin to be modified, you should change `plugin-template.xml` under `src/util/resources`. A new `plugin.xml` & `README.md` are regenerated for every build from their corresponding templates.
7. Send me a pull request

## Changelog

See [here](CHANGELOG.md)

## Documentation

Here are available live templates

### Angular material snippets
@@@GENERATED_MATERIAL_SNIPPETS@@@

### Angular flex layout snippets
@@@GENERATED_FLEX_SNIPPETS@@@

### Teradata covalent snippets
@@@GENERATED_COVALENT_SNIPPETS@@@

## License

Angular material v2, Teradata covalent v1, Angular flex layout v1 & Material icon - IntelliJ Plugin is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Disclaimer:

Readme template for this plugin was initially borrowed from [here](https://github.com/bodiam/intellij-bootstrap3) & [here](https://github.com/JasonMortonNZ/bs3-sublime-plugin)
